# MyGame
Introduction: My product is an app it isn't really a game its an app where people questions they have about homework or concepts from class and other kids can respond or upvote questions that are confusing (basically something really similar to quora and other similar websites but more high-school specific). This can also include questions about teachers in general like new students can ask about what other students think of a specific teacher/class before the school year starts. 

Value/Use: This is super helpful because a lot of the time students especially coming from the middle schoool to the upperschool don't really know what to expect from teachers or classes and don't really have people to ask similarly sometimes homework (especially in science classes - mastering chem/physics and webassign) are superrrr hard and the teachers are very unhelpful in answering questions so having a forum where people can send either links to websites that answer the questions or answering the questions themselves would be super helpful. Also we would wanna make sure that only students can join this app so that teachers/faculty don't remove it cause its like semi against the honor code. 

UI: Very similar to a quora/reddit type app but again only for students and focused more on classes/teachers. So once a user entered they would be prompted to log in/sign up (somehow wanna make sure its only students but prob not with hw email cause then that would cause other issues) so once you sign up you can input the classes your in and then see upvoted questions in those classes. Which you could either upvote, comment on, or answer (also all question asking/answering would be anonymous to ensure that kids don't get in trouble). You can also put in your own questions. If you turn on notifications, the app will notify you when someone anwers/comments on your question. There would also be another element where when you answer a specific amount of questions you could get a prize or something idk that would sorta be a competative element.

Competitive element: Like there isn't really one its more like a forum to help other kids. IG we could do something where like you get points or something if you answer a ton of questions correctly but I dont think thats really neccesary.

Scalability/Expansion: So we could add different high schools and there could be different high school specific forums for questions about teachers and specific courses, but the questions about homework or concepts could be inter-school so students at different high schools could help answer these types of questions

Accessibility and Inclusivity: Its like obviously not discriminatory like anyone can post/ask questions. There would also be a report button for people posting stuff that is hate speech and stuff like that. 